Hi. So, you've just learned a lot about GANs from Ian Goodfellow.
Next, I'll be going over a practical implementation.
I'll be defining again and training it on our MNIST dataset.
From this, you'll be able to take your train network and generate new handwritten digits.
You can think of these as fakes that look like they've come from the original dataset,
but are in fact generated by a neural network.
There are a lot of interesting applications for which this is useful.
I've seen people try to generate new musical scores based on existing data.
This example is from a model called MidiNet.
One of my favorite applications is a GAN that learns to generate
new kinds of tulips based on a carefully collected dataset.
Here's an example from a tulip generation model
which was created by the artist and healer.
In these cases, a trained generator has kind of learned to
imagine what new pieces of data might look like, which is really cool.
So, GANs were first reported on in 2014 by
Ian Goodfellow who was then in Yoshua Bengio's lab at the University of Montreal.
Since then, GANs had just exploded in popularity.
In the next few lessons,
you'll see some really great applications.
Next, I'll go over our approach to building a GAN and generating new MNIST images.